I wanted to show you guys something I
thought was neat I drew this I normally
date everything I do just for reference
but I drew this I think early June one
of the first drawings i did and so I
drew this and then I think of a couple
weeks later I've downloaded a CAD
program taught myself how to use it
digitize this just by I didn't take
measurements hernia well I did measure
it of course length and everything but I
didn't have really accurate measurements
anyway drew it digitized it got it cut
and made a knife out of it and it is
almost dead on pretty crazy so from my
original drawing to finish knife it's
almost dead on so obviously have some
kind of curve in the drawing and this is
straight on since it's done on a flat
platen but it's pretty much spot on I
wish I would have went a little thicker
in the handles some people like and
thicker some people don't I personally
don't I think that's a perfect handle
for a neck knife it's not meant to be
used super heavily I mean it's an EDC
tool but pretty crazy that it was so
spot-on I thought that was neat just a
fun reference to go look back and see
where I came from me I came from
drawings on a piece of paper in a pretty
weird time in my life to actually
finishing knives now and having a fair
amount of support behind me so thank you
guys I really really appreciate it from
the bottom of my heart it means the
world to me so this is something that
I've wanted to do for years and years I
mean I talked about doing this back in
2010 I just didn't have the facilities
to do it and it's lonely a lot of people
think that this is something I decided
to do on a whim
that kind of happened quickly but as far
as it being on a whim absolutely not so
I really do appreciate the support it
means everything to me and I literally
couldn't do it without you guys so thank
you very much and I look forward to
pouring everything I have into this and
making a living out of it it's the best
job in the world that's for sure okay
absolutely the best job in the world
eight hours can go by like that so
anyway didn't mean to get all
sentimental just wanted to show this
because I thought it was neat and pretty
interesting so hope you guys are having
a good day talk to you soon